OrganisersMeetingMinutes20110915

Guy Fraser edited this page Apr 26, 2017 · 1 revision

Agenda notes pulled from AM's email

  • Actions from last meeting (/email thread about actions) [I've removed the ones I know have been completed, these are the ones I can't quite remember about]

  • PF Sorting out workshop storage - lockable, stackable crates

  • "Lockable" means lid which clicks on. Easy solution to drill holes and fit our own locks. Have options, all agree to wait until we really need them.

  • Racking should be arranged before too long

  • RJ - Contracts for full-time desk, workshop

  • Full time desk contracts not done yet, workshop should be covered by changing in wording and treating as "membership". Progress made, more to be done.

  • RJ to create wiki page, others to join in

  • HC brought up that Andy Hough didn't know where kitchen is, need to make sure we do the induction checklist in future.

  • PF to promote hot-desking on co-working websites

  • PF has done

  • HC to chase up insurance

  • HC needs questions answering, Monday 2pm meeting to discuss

  • JMc to get keys for desks (I know John has got some keys sorted, but wasn't sure if it was finished or not)

  • JM reports task done, may need to get more desks in the future

  • General update (proposed by JM)

  • New permanent members Andy & Andy

  • Sewing club first meeting went well

  • AI class now meeting

  • OpenLabs breakfasts on 26th September & 7th October

  • Should try to book room for full day for as little as possible, e.g. £25 to set precedent for BarCamp

  • BarCamp 18th & 19th November

  • Probably put hot deskers in Office

  • Dead Drop Day on 17th September

  • ACTION - Need to do a DoES Liverpool press release for BarCamp - PF to start

  • ACTION - All need to try Flow as we have 15 days left

  • AG to sort meeting with Lol to discuss promoting Maker Night

  • Review of finances (proposed by JM)

  • Generally good.

  • Bookshelves (proposed by HC)

  • Fiction treated as a swap shelf, non-fiction treated as "DoES owned" so please return.

  • HC to write wiki page confirming

  • Google events (update on things from AG)

  • Covered in general update

  • Saturday "Maker Days" once a month (proposed by AM)

  • AM to work out a day to hold

  • PF to set up eventbrite for following up

  • Need to investigate how to get more workshop people in - meeting to be arranged

  • AM talked to Uniform about logo, no go, need to chat to Pod

  • Procedure to repay Director's Loan (proposed by JM)

  • General agreement has been made, AM to pay first payment of half loan amount

  • Open Labs/Paul Kinlan dev breakfasts (proposed by JM)

  • Covered in general update

  • What "tasks" are emerging, whose responsibility are they? (proposed by JM)

  • Calendar to be location for hot desk booking/availability, all to respond to tweets more.

  • Press

  • Alistair visited, wants good pictures

  • AOB?

  • RJ to arrange meeting to discuss future plans and business plan

Clone this wiki locally
You can’t perform that action at this time.
You signed in with another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session. You signed out in another tab or window. Reload to refresh your session.
Press h to open a hovercard with more details.